OSDOCS-3143: Add coreos-installer iso customize feature (#40954)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-advanced-customizing-live-iso-ca-certs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies
//
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-restricted-networks-bare-metal.adoc
// * installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal-network-customizations.adoc

[id="installation-user-infra-machines-advanced-customizing-live-iso-ca-certs_{context}"]

> = Modifying a live install image while using a custom certificate authority

Reviewer: "while using" reads oddly here.  "to use"?

> You can provide CA certificates to Ignition, for use during both the installation boot and provisioning of the installed system, with the `--ignition-ca` flag of the `customize` subcommand.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest breaking this into 2 sentences for better readability.
```suggestion
You can provide certificate authority (CA) certificates to Ignition with the `--ignition-ca` flag of the `customize` subcommand. You can use the CA certificates during both the installation boot and when provisioning the installed system.
```

.Procedure

. Download the `coreos-installer` binary from the link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/coreos-installer/latest/[`coreos-installer` image mirror] page.

. Retrieve the {op-system} ISO image from the link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/dependencies/rhcos/latest/[{op-system} image mirror] page and run the following command to customize the ISO image for use with a custom CA:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ coreos-installer iso customize rhcos-<version>-live.x86_64.iso --ignition-ca cert.pem
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> Custom CA certificates affect how Ignition fetches remote resources but do not affect the certificates installed onto the system.

Reviewer 2: At first read, it read like an admonition ("do not"), so suggest a small tweak:
```suggestion
Custom CA certificates affect how Ignition fetches remote resources but they do not affect the certificates installed onto the system.
```

====
+

> Your CA certificate is applied the next time you boot the ISO image.

Reviewer: Again, this could imply that the application happens at a point in time, when in fact it happens on every boot of the customized ISO.
